= GemOpen

Open gems into your favorite editor by running a specific gem command.

To install it just run

  sudo gem install gem-open

Then add the following lines to your <tt>~/.bash_profile</tt> file.

  export GEM_EDITOR="mate"

It will default to <tt>ENV["EDITOR"]</tt>, though.

Finally, run <tt>gem open GEMNAME</tt> to open that gem.

== Usage

To open the most recent version you just need to type the gem name.

  $ gem open activesupport

If you want to open a specific version you'll have to type the full name.

  $ gem open activesupport-3.0.0.beta3

== Bash completion

Want some completion? Add this snippet to your <tt>~/.bash_profile</tt> file.

  _gemopencomplete() {
      local cmd=${COMP_WORDS[0]}
      local subcmd=${COMP_WORDS[1]}
      local cur=${COMP_WORDS[COMP_CWORD]}

      case "$subcmd" in
          open)
              words=`ruby -rubygems -e 'puts Dir["{#{Gem::Specification.dirs.join(",")}}/*.gemspec"].collect {|s| File.basename(s).gsub(/\.gemspec$/, "")}'`
              ;;
          *)
              return
              ;;
      esac

      COMPREPLY=($(compgen -W "$words" -- $cur))
      return 0
  }

  complete -o default -F _gemopencomplete gem

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2010:

* Nando Vieira - http://nandovieira.com.br

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

